feat: Multiple yaml in CLI (#64)
eclipse/kiso-testing: docs/introduction/integration_test.rst

6. If the tests fail, you will see it in the the output. For more
   details, you can take a look at the log file (logs to STDOUT as default).

> .. note:: User can run several test using several times command -c. If a folder path is specified,

Reviewer: -c is a flag  not a command.

> a log for each yaml file will be stored. If otherwise a filename is provided, all log information

Reviewer 2: I thought it needed several spaces to be considered as a follow-up of the above line. Can you check how the documentation looks like?

6. If the tests fail, you will see it in the the output. For more
   details, you can take a look at the log file (logs to STDOUT as default).

> .. note:: User can run several test using several times command -c, and different define log path for each of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: The user can specify multiple tests in which the -c flag must be repeated, and different define log path for each of
```

> will be saved in the folder, if user precise a file path, then it will append all the logs in this file.

Reviewer: If a folder path is specified, a log for each yaml file will be stored. If otherwise a filename is provided, all log information will be in one logfile. 

précises looks more like a french thing.  (:

Author: Oupsi, I'll change it :)
